W-19669570-PR-1025-branch-against-latest-CP (#506)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/af-build-agent-networks-in-a-ci-cd-environment.adoc

= Build Agent Networks in a CI/CD Environment

> If you run operations within a CI/CD environment, you can use Anypoint CLI's plugin to set up, create, build, publish, and deploy agent networks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run operations within a CI/CD environment, you can use the Anypoint CLI Agent Fabric plugin to set up, create, build, publish, and deploy agent networks.
```

== Before You Begin

> In addition to meeting the Agent Network Prerequisites, you need the following software and permissions to use Anypoint CLI to build agent networks.

Reviewer: What are the Agent Network Prerequisites? Is this supposed to be a link?

== Default Flags and Authentication

For information on default flags that apply to all CLI commands, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/anypoint-cli/latest/#default-options[Default Flags].

You can authenticate to Anypoint Platform through the command line by running the `anypoint-cli-agent-fabric-plugin` command with a combination of parameters.

Or, you can set a combination of environment variables before running the `anypoint-cli-agent-fabric-plugin` command. For more information, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/anypoint-cli/latest/auth#command-line-parameters[Command-Line Parameters and Environment Variables].

Set configuration file authentication using a client ID and client secret from your connected app.

Add authentication values to the configuration file using these commands.

----
$ anypoint-cli-agent-fabric-plugin conf client_id myClientID

$ anypoint-cli-agent-fabric-plugin conf client_secret myClientSecret

$ anypoint-cli-agent-fabric-plugin conf organization myOrgId
----

For more information, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/anypoint-cli/latest/auth[Authentication to the Anypoint Platform CLI].

== Create Your Agent Network Project

> (do CLI users need all the ACB perms/access?)

Reviewer: This should be resolved somehow--either add the content or remove this line.

----
$ anypoint-cli-agent-fabric-plugin agent-network project create --name my-agent-network
----

For more information about the command and available flags, run:

----
$ anypoint-cli-agent-fabric-plugin agent-network project create --help
----

== Define Your Agent Network Specification

> Edit agent-network.yaml and exchange.json to define your agent network and authentication. For more information, see Define Your Agent Network Specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edit `agent-network.yaml` and `exchange.json` to define your agent network and authentication. For more information, see Define Your Agent Network Specification.
```

Reviewer: Link to Define Your Agent Network Specification.

== Build Your Agent Network Project

----
$ anypoint-cli-agent-fabric-plugin agent-network project build
----

As a result, the command builds the agent network application and asset definitions.

For more information about the command and available flags, run:

----
$ anypoint-cli-agent-fabric-plugin agent-network project build --help
----

== Publish Your Agent Network to Anypoint Exchange

=== Permissions and Access

> Make sure you have this Anypoint Exchange permission to publish your agent network assets successfully. For more information, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/access-management/permissions-by-product#exchange[Permissions - Exchange].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you have this Anypoint Exchange permission to publish your agent network assets. For more information, see xref:access-management::permissions-by-produc.adoct#exchange[Permissions - Exchange].
```
